The script in this directory simulates a different way of allocating
electors in U.S. presidential elections.  Most states allocate electors
by a winner-take-all rule; Maine and Nebraska allocate electors
separately to the winners statewide and within each Congressional
District in the state.  Some states have committed to allocate their
electors to the winner of the national popular vote, but this commitment
is inoperative until states representing a majority of electors enact
similar legislation.

In this implementation, states allocate presidential electors using
what is known alternatively as Jefferson's Method and the d'Hondt Count.
Thomas Jefferson used it to compute the original apportionment of House
seats in the first Congress, and thus also in the original configuration
of the Electoral College -- but Jefferson was allocating seats among
states according to their population (a different method is used now),
whereas here we allocate individual pledged electors among the different
candidates WITHIN a state in proportion to the votes for each of ticket.

The script pres.pl in this directory takes as input a CSV file
containing the popular vote counts for all candidates in each state,
and outputs the allocation of electors for each state and the national
total.  Included are data files for the 2000 through 2016 presidential
elections.  The 2004-2012 data files are based on published vote
certifications in the National Archives.  The 2016 data comes from 
Google searches (representing a combination of Politico and state election
officials' official sites).  The 2000 data comes from Wikipedia.
